Fix doc phrasing (#517)
pathoplexus/pathoplexus: monorepo/website/src/pages/docs/how-to/revoke-sequences.mdx

Note that revoking a sequence **does not delete it**.
While it will not turn up in default searches, and will be clearly marked as revoked, it will still be publicly visible.

> Deletion is generally _not_ permitted by Pathoplexus, since this is non-transparent and causes confusion when a record cannot be traced.

Author: ```suggestion
Deletion is generally _not_ permitted by Pathoplexus, since this is intransparent and causes confusion when a record cannot be traced.
```
